---
layout: post
title: Hiring begins!
date: 2025-12-15 00:01:00
description: Two PhD positions in Mathematical Foundations of Machine Learning on Graphs and Networks
tags: hiring
categories: posted
featured: true
---


<section class="mt-4 mb-4">
  <div class="card border-0 shadow-sm">
    <div class="card-body">

      <h3 class="card-title mb-3">
        <i class="fas fa-user-graduate mr-2"></i>
        Two PhD Positions open
      </h3>

The Discrete Mathematics and Mathematical Programming (DMMP) group at the University of Twente is looking for two PhD candidates to join the LOGSMS team (<a href="https://utwentecareers.nl/en/vacancies/2332/2x-phd-positions-in-the-mathematical-foundations-of-machine-learning-on-graphs-and-networks/">formal advertisement</a>).
  </div>
  </div>
</section>

The field of <i>Machine Learning on Graphs</i> aims to extract knowledge from graph-structured and network data through machine learning models. LOGSMS will combine diverse tools from discrete mathematics, learning theory and machine learning, thus facilitating the design and analysis of <i>provably powerful</i> graph learning models.
<br>

Strong background in <i>graph theory and graph algorithms</i> is a must. Prior experience in machine learning is highly appreciated, but <i>not</i> obligatory. 
<br>

<b>PhD position 1</b> will focus on developing new graph-theoretic frameworks for analyzing graph learning models, such as Graph Neural Networks or Graph Transformers. 
<ul>
<li>
We appreciate prior mathematical exposure to at least one of the following topics: <i>random graphs</i>, <i>mathematical logic</i> or <i>statistical learning theory</i>.  
</li>
</ul>
<b>PhD position 2</b> will focus on designing scalable graph learning models, primarily geared towards assisting combinatorial solvers for practical graph algorithm benchmarks. 
<ul>
<li>
We appreciate prior experience in implementing <i>deep learning models</i> for graphs and networks.
</li>
</ul>
The formal application link is available at the University of Twente jobs portal (<a href="https://utwentecareers.nl/en/vacancies/2332/2x-phd-positions-in-the-mathematical-foundations-of-machine-learning-on-graphs-and-networks/">click here</a>).

Please apply before 16 January 2026 to receive full consideration. 


